All right. So we just went over a few things like hard forks,
and soft forks, and I know a question I had when I first got started was,
is there a way for me to get involved like what community is
really making these changes and where do I even go to do that to get started?
So I was wondering, do you have any idea about how someone might be able to get involved
with the community that could help make these types of changes we're talking about.
That's a great question.
You know, with all great things open source,
there's a community that's driving those projects and the go-to right now is GitHub.
And like, I think we all understand the power of GitHub, right?
You have a GitHub account,
I have a GitHub account,
I'm assuming you have a GitHub account as well.
So what you can do is start participating in the community,
it's very active and rich.
We've seen a lot of politics come across in the blockchain space,
like with the recent hard forks that came from Bitcoin,
Bitcoin versus Bitcoin Cash.
It's really interesting the political debate that goes
on and the biggest difference was block sizes, right?
Like that was a big driver between the original Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash,
but it's interesting because those politics allow all of us to participate.
We get to go ahead and select which ones that we have
most alignment with and we can go ahead and embed ourself within those communities.
I would definitely advocate to start being active in the community within GitHub,
and if you have an improvement that you would like to propose,
go ahead and submit a pull request with the improvement and who knows,
it might get adopted within the platform.
Great. Thanks Brandy.